---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy & Cookies
---

### Privacy Policy

**Statement**

Highridge HR Consultancy Ltd treats all personal information lawfully and correctly and operates in accordance with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We make all reasonable efforts to ensure personal information:
* is processed lawfully
* is adequate, relevant and not excessive
* is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date
* is not kept longer than necessary
* is processed correctly
* is kept secure

**Your Agreement**

By using the Highridge HR Consultancy Ltd (https://highridge-hr.co.uk) website you automatically agree to this privacy policy.

**Data Collection**

We may collect personal contact information from you, for example, if you sign up to our newsletter, or use our enquiry form.  You can later request to have this information removed or modified from our database.  We use this information to reply to your enquiry and inform you of related news and events and for no other purpose.  We do not disclose, distribute or resell this data to any persons outside of Highridge HR Consultancy is immediate staff, associates and partners.

**External Websites**

Highridge HR Consultancy cannot be held responsible for the content, material and legal policies on external websites that we link to.

### Cookies

**What is a cookie?**

Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.

**Session cookies** – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.

Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.

You can find more information about cookies at [All About Cookies](https://www.allaboutcookies.org).

**Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site.  The tool uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted by Google.  This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Highridge HR Consultancy Ltd.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use he statistical analytics tool to track or to collect Personally Identifiable information of visitors to our site.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.  We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personal Identifiable information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

**Cookies set by Google Analytics:** - for more information about Google Analytics, view their terms of service here: [Google Analytics](https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/).

**Using web browser settings to manage cookies**

The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
